---
layout: post
date: 2018-04-18
title: Day 08
---

<<<<<<< HEAD
All day long jquery. And this song from Code School, is just popping in my head all day long too ;)..... write less, do more...
* I cannot decide yet, whether it is actually less typing. 200+ methods that's a lot to remember. And all that siblings, and parents, well, let's just say, it is bog family to take care of.
* Practicing my jquery with Red lab activity: making to-do list. My husband was patiently waiting until I finish, but... I finished and he felt asleep (ergo, it took longer, than I expected. Hehehe). My to-do is on Github (and looks bad, I know, Bootstrap it maybe some day?)
[link]https://github.com/pinaska/to-do
=======
* We got to add funny features, I meant jQuery stuff, to our project page. This is always fun, kinda of: I do not know, why it is not working, and I do not know, why it is. ;) It is really hard to belief that we spend two and a half days on JS and jQuery - I fell like sitting under a very thick blanket and not getting any noise from outside world. And this is just a warm up, guys. I wonder how much time, if any, is dedicated to JS on CS classes. A semester? Two? And we absorb some knowledge in 60 hours. Superheros, that's us!
* Speaking of superheros, there is this movie, Lego Batman Movie, my boys love it. In this trailer, Batman is presenting basic rule to his butler: ABR, Always Ben Recording (whatever Batman sings, I guess). So last night I dreamt about Lego Batman singing ABC, Always Be Committing (to Git, I guess). This is getting really weird.....
link to Batman Movie Trailer [https://youtu.be/X9ZoKKQsxis?t=49]
>>>>>>> 2836f857fe4f474814d1fda40b29534036961814

cheers and .... always be coding,
Kate
